Create Identities.md (#818)
wix-incubator/wix-rest-docs: guides/Identities.md

# About Identities

> Each request to a Wix API is associated with a specific identity type, which determines access permissions. If a [method has identity restrictions](#methods-with-restricted-identities), the method reference will include a note specifying the allowed identity types.

Reviewer: Suggestion to turn the sentence around: Access permissions are determined by the specific identity type that is ?included in the API call.

Reviewer: Does the second sentence relate to the documentation, that is the method will include a note in the documentation ?

Author: how about this:
Every request to a Wix API is made by a specific identity type. For each call, the caller's identity is checked and confirmed to have the necessary permissions.

Author: yes, the second sentence is about the documentation. copied directly from the SDK article

Different contexts also limit the identities that can make a given call. For example, apps can only make calls as apps, not as visitors or members.

Wix's identity types include:

- [Site visitor](#site-visitor) 
- [Site member](#site-member) 
- [Wix user](#wix-user) 
- [Wix app](#wix-app) 
- [API key admin](#api-key-admin) 

> **Note**: Additional identities are supported for app flows using the [SDK](https://dev.wix.com/docs/sdk).

## Site visitor

> An anonymous site visitor who hasn't logged in. Methods that can be called by this identity usually involve operations specific to a particular visitor. These include accessing a list of products, creating and managing a cart, or accessing a login page to authenticate as a member.

Reviewer: This first sentence definition is not a full sentence. So either write a full sentence or add a subheading such as Definition: An anonymous......

I think you can make each identity more structured.
Definition:
Context:
Example use case:

# About Identities

> API calls are restricted using identities. An identity defines who is calling a method and what actions they are authorized to take. 
> Each method can only be called by specific identities. [Notes in the REST reference](#methods-with-restricted-identities) indicate restrictions on the identities that can call a method.  

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion:

```suggestion
Each request to a Wix API is associated with a specific identity type, which determines access permissions. If a [method has identity restrictions](#methods-with-restricted-identities), the method reference will include a note specifying the allowed identity types.
```

> Different contexts also limit the identities that can make a given call. For example, apps can only make calls as apps, not as visitors or members.

Reviewer 2: Ah, you mean apps vs. headless?

> Different contexts also limit the identities that can make a given call. For example, apps can only make calls as apps, not as visitors or members.

Author: yes. I basically pulled in some info that should really be in an "auth strategies" article (like we have in the SDK) b/c it felt too confusing otherwise

> Different contexts also limit the identities that can make a given call. For example, apps can only make calls as apps, not as visitors or members.

Reviewer: Didnt understand what the context means - you need to describe it

> Wix supports the following identities:

Author: ```suggestion
Wix's identity types include:
```

- [Site visitor](#site-visitor) 
- [Site member](#site-member) 
- [Wix user](#wix-user) 
- [Wix app](#wix-app) 
- [API key admin](#api-key-admin) 

> > **Note**: Additional identities are supported for app flows using the [SDK](https://dev.wix.com/docs/sdk).

Reviewer 2: Which additional identities?

Author: the dashboard one

## Site visitor

An anonymous site visitor who hasn't logged in. Methods that can be called by this identity usually involve operations specific to a particular visitor. These include accessing a list of products, creating and managing a cart, or accessing a login page to authenticate as a member.

**Context**:  

> - [Headless](https://dev.wix.com/docs/go-headless/getting-started/about-headless/about-wix-headless) flows can make calls as site visitors.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that we want to link the user out to a general Headless article here. We may need to think about how to present the differences in apps/Headless more generally.

- Apps can make calls [on behalf of Wix users](https://dev.wix.com/docs/build-apps/develop-your-app/access/authentication/about-authentication#authentication-on-behalf-of-a-wix-user).

## Wix app

Wix apps are packages of reusable functionality that users can add to their sites. When an app is installed or updated on a Wix site, Wix generates an [app instance](https://dev.wix.com/docs/build-apps/develop-your-app/access/app-instances/about-app-instances) with a unique ID. This ID represents the installed version of the app on that particular site. 
A call authenticated with the Wix app identity is a call made by an app for a specific app instance.

Methods that can be called by this identity usually involve site-level operations. These include managing the site's data collections, contacts, or products.

Each method requires certain permissions when called by a Wix App. To check which permissions a method requires, refer to its API reference.

Learn more about [configuring app permissions](https://dev.wix.com/docs/build-apps/develop-your-app/access/authorization/configure-permissions-for-your-app).

**Context**:

> - Apps can make calls as apps.

Reviewer 2: This seems obvious?

> ## API key admin

Reviewer 2: I recall discussing with Netanel (or maybe Gonen?) that API Keys aren’t technically considered identities, especially in the context of apps since API Keys aren't relevant there. Did you check with them about this section?

I'm wondering if we may want to avoid labeling API Keys as "identities" in the list, and just have a short section here explaining that API Keys grant specific permissions for admin operations and link to the API Key article: https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/articles/getting-started/api-keys

Also, could a specific method state "can only be called by an API key"? This restriction is common for other identity types, but I’m not sure if it applies to API Keys.

Author: Apps aren't supposed to use API keys, but if they do, wix doesn't know that they are apps
all we know is that an api key was used - if we don't consider this an identity, then calls made with an api key have no identity, which I think is even more confusing

An admin with customized administrative access to a Wix account's sites and projects. [API keys](https://support.wix.com/en/article/about-wix-api-keys) are created and managed in the [API Keys Manager](https://manage.wix.com/account/api-keys) where site owners and co-owners can assign a set of permissions that determine the types of APIs each key can access. 

Methods that can be called by this identity can involve administrative operations at the site or account level. These include managing members or business data. 

Because API keys must be created by the site owners or co-owners, and passed manually to any developer who wants to use them, they aren't recommended for apps.

**Context**:
- [Headless](https://dev.wix.com/docs/go-headless/getting-started/about-headless/about-wix-headless) flows can make calls as API key admins.
- Site admin flows can make calls as API key admins. 
- [Channel](https://support.wix.com/en/article/wix-channels-dashboard-overview) and [Enterprise](https://support.wix.com/en/article/wix-enterprise-an-overview) admin flows can make calls as API key admins.

> ## Methods with restricted identities

Reviewer 2: Important addition! :)

Reviewer: This should come in the Intro not after all the identities.
It will help explain the Intro para
